With this assignment this was actually my first time using GitHub. My first mission was getting my ideas down with what each function does, and I just wrote each of them out without fully checking if they all worked first. This was really helpful in getting all of it down before I had to leave for work, but when it came to refining each it didn't, as I had to go back to other functions to check why they didn't work. I had a couple of memory errors, which are a thing I was aware I need to work on with earlier labs and assignments, but I did do better on my first attempt without revision than I had on those other projects. One of the biggest problems that I didn't notice right away and took some looking were the facts that the comparison counts didn't reset automatically, which I kind of knew, but I didn't reset them manually in my insert and delete functions, which was adding comparisons to the ones that actually counted them. The other big problem is again, a dangling pointer, where I deleted node in the BST and then attempted to access the value associated with it after the fact. I got a bit trigger happy with deleting the item as it had to be deleted in three places.

Because these problems took a while to notice, I was able to refine other sections of my code as I examined it closely which was nice. One section of code that worked, but I'm unsure if it would work when extended to more test cases is prefixByLast. My code accounts for searching through the strings by setting the low as the prefix and the high as the prefix with a z appended to the end. If this is inclusive, then it works, but if the high end of the search isn't inclusive, then my code wouldn't properly run if the prefix is followed by a z. Inversely, if it is inclusive, then searching for the prefix with the last character incremented wouldn't work as it would include last names with that other prefix. (I have since looked up String comparisons and lexicographical followed by what comes after z in string comparison)

As feedback for this type of assignment, I enjoyed this as it gave me some experience with GitHub (which other students have, I got help from Rabbit in setting up the folder), but I also didn't have to write my testcases and I got to see which ones failed and which ones succeeded. I think this is really helpful in making it easy to see, but I also see the use in making us write our own testcases.